Add telemetry docs (#3062)
pingcap/docs: pd-configuration-file.md

+ The label value for the store that rejected the Leader
+ Default value: `""`

## `dashboard`

Configuration items related to the [TiDB Dashboard](/dashboard/dashboard-intro.md) built in PD.

### `public-path-prefix`

> + When TiDB Dashboard is served behind a reverse proxy, this item sets the public URL path prefix for all web resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ When TiDB Dashboard is accessed behind a reverse proxy, this item sets the public URL path prefix for all web resources.
```

> + Default value: `"/dashboard"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Default value: `/dashboard`
```

> + Do **not** modify this configuration item when TiDB Dashboard is not served behind a reverse proxy; otherwise, access issues might occur. See [Use TiDB Dashboard behind a Reverse Proxy](/dashboard/dashboard-ops-reverse-proxy.md) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Do **not** modify this configuration item when TiDB Dashboard is accessed not behind a reverse proxy; otherwise, access issues might occur. See [Use TiDB Dashboard behind a Reverse Proxy](/dashboard/dashboard-ops-reverse-proxy.md) for details.
```

> + Please do **not** modify this configuration item when TiDB Dashboard is not deployed behind a reverse proxy, otherwise there maybe access problems. See [Use TiDB Dashboard behind a Reverse Proxy](/dashboard/dashboard-ops-reverse-proxy.md) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Do **not** modify this configuration item when TiDB Dashboard is not served behind a reverse proxy; otherwise, access issues might occur. See [Use TiDB Dashboard behind a Reverse Proxy](/dashboard/dashboard-ops-reverse-proxy.md) for details.
```

### `disable-telemetry`

> + Whether the telemetry collection of TiDB Dashboard is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Determines whether to disable the telemetry collection feature in TiDB Dashboard.
```
